# Urban Dictionary on Your Terminal

**Project, isn't finished yet!**

Hello, I'm an absolute beginner in Golang and decided to do a project to 
get used to the language. And one day, an idea came to my mind while I 
have a shower: implementing a urban dictionary cli. I've checked if 
there's an official public API but unfortunately there's not so I've 
decided to write a simple api with web scraping. I haven't written CLI 
part yet but it'll use API's functions directly get the urban dictionary 
definitions in your terminal  :)

### Disclaimer

This Urban Dictionary Command Line Interface (CLI) project, "urbandcli," 
is a tool designed to access and display content from the Urban Dictionary 
website. By using or contributing to this project, you acknowledge and 
agree to the following:

1. **Content Source**: urbandcli retrieves definitions, slang terms, and 
related content directly from the Urban Dictionary website 
(https://www.urbandictionary.com). The content displayed or accessed 
through this CLI is provided by the Urban Dictionary community.

2. **No Content Moderation**: The creator and maintainers of urbandcli do 
not moderate or control the content fetched from Urban Dictionary. The 
content may include user-generated definitions, slang, and language that 
can be offensive, explicit, or controversial. 

3. **Content Accuracy**: We do not guarantee the accuracy, completeness, 
or quality of the content retrieved from Urban Dictionary. Definitions and 
slang terms can change over time, and errors may exist in the data 
displayed by urbandcli.

4. **User Responsibility**: Users of urbandcli are responsible for their 
interactions with the tool and any content accessed through it. You should 
exercise discretion and be aware that the content may not be suitable for 
all audiences.

5. **No Endorsement**: The inclusion of any content from Urban Dictionary 
in this CLI does not imply endorsement, approval, or support by the 
creators and maintainers of urbandcli. It is provided solely for 
convenience and informational purposes.

6. **Legal Disclaimer**: This project is not affiliated with or endorsed 
by Urban Dictionary, LLC. Any legal issues or concerns related to the 
content of Urban Dictionary should be directed to Urban Dictionary, LLC.

By using urbandcli, you acknowledge that you have read and understood this 
disclaimer. The creators and maintainers of urbandcli are not responsible 
for any content displayed by this CLI or any consequences that may arise 
from its use.

If you do not agree with these terms, please refrain from using or 
contributing to urbandcli.
